As we all know, there has been issues with the customers churning out of our app. There are multiple reasons for the customers churning, it can range from the chain being damaged, no longer being excited for the product(there is one customer who expedited the order by months and he has still not opened the package)-again this person is not a churn but it is to illustrate that not everyone would love to app. We can never hit 100% DAU. But after speaking to customers everyday and listening to their problems and addressing their issues the most common complaint has been on three categories. "My device disconnects a lot", "How long does the battery last", and "My meeting was 2x duration why is the memory only x duration". The goal and target of the update is going to be the the user connects to the device and forgets about it. This way it offer lowest friction and the devcie just works seemlessly.

As we have already heard me bring this issues up multiple times, it would be ideal to categories the issues as three section. 
1. Device Disconnections and App Kill
2. Battery Inaccuracies
3. Memory generation
## Device Disconnections and App Kill
The number 1 issues which I hear about is always has been that the app/device doesn't stay connected for long. Imagine this, you are someone who takes notes everyday and you meet number of people everyday. You are trying to replace you physical notes with a device like our and you have paid 9,999. You want this to work, and the device to work reliably. So reliably that you can forget carrying a notebook or an ipad everywhere you go. Not second guess if the device is working or recording. That is the kind of experience me or any of our customers are expecting from our devices. Roughhly 1/3rd of our customers are using Android devices, but 2/3rd of our complaints have been from Android users every single one of the had one common complaint in addition to any other complaint which they had that the device disconnects regulalry, and they had to reconnect after every meeting. Similarly all the people who have initiated the returns due to unsatisfactory performance have been from Android. So this issue have clearly plagued the android users since its inception. 

### Why is this an issue?
People are used to other bluetooth devices. similarly, people have used other applications like fitness apps. I understand that our categrory of device is different but to a general public they always base their experience on the existing devices or applications that they are using. I was on call the other day with a customer, who is a tech youtuber with 100k subscribers. I was trying to explain him about the reason why companion devices' bluetooth connections are different from bluetooth audio devices. He was unhappy and concluded the call by saying that he has Whoop band, he has used apple watch, why is it only our app which has connecting issues. On a technical level we understand that the device we are building is different to a bluetooth earbuds or a fitness watch. but to the end customer they expect the device to work seemlessly as any other devices. 
This becomes even more important and crucial because people are buying our device to replace a preexisting habit which they have. One of our customer is an avid notetaker and he takes upto 10 notebook worth of notes everyday. He plans to go notebookless, but so far we haven't instilled the confidence in him that our device is capable of replacing his notes, or leaving his notebook behind before going into a meeting room.

### What are the issues?
The issues so far have largely been on the app end of things. There is obvious scope of improvement which we can do on the hardware, but before we proceed with that we must fix the App, so that the seamless experience which the Neo 1 Hardware users are enjoying will only be a bigger step up if and when they upgrade the device they are going to notice it. 
Currently, based on the user feedback and our internal testing. App state freeze is one of the most significant factors which is leading the the issue with customer experience, the app freeze state issue must be fixed at the earliest before we go ahead with any other updates. The 